[world-local] bounded concurrency for queue (#401)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/swift-bushes-shave.md

---
"@workflow/world-local": patch
---

> Set a concurrency limit for the local world queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a semaphore to enforce a concurrency limit on the local world queue
```
